# Popup Trigger URL for Elementor Pro

This plugin will help you to trigger (open, close, or toggle) your Elementor Pro's popup from anywhere even outside the Elementor's content. Basically, this plugin reveal the trigger URLs generated by Elementor Pro (hidden by default) and makes it easier for you to copy the URL and use it anywhere.

**Please note:** If you want to trigger your popup from inside Elementor content, we suggest you to use the `Dynamic Tags` feature of Elementor Pro instead of using this plugin. This plugin are helpful when you want to trigger your popup from links outside the Elementor content, e.g. WordPress menu items, links in standard content, etc.

## How it works

You can view your Popups list (`Templates > Popups`) and then click the `Show URLs` button of the popup you want to show. Copy the URL you want (open, close, or toggle), and then paste it on WordPress menu items (via `Custom Links`) or any other links you wish to trigger your popup.

Make sure you have set the display conditions of your popup properly, otherwise the popup won't appear.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Can I use this plugin without Elementor Pro?

No, the Popups feature is only available on Elementor Pro version. So you need to build your popups using Elementor Pro.

### Does it work with any other popup plugin?

No, this plugin only supports the Popups module by Elementor Pro, not other 3rd party plugins.

### Does it work with any theme?

Absolutely! You can use any theme you like, however we really recommend you to use our theme: [Suki](https://wordpress.org/themes/suki/) - which is highly customizable, lightweight, and of course 100% compatible with Elementor and Elementor Pro.